Add Identity Wasm docs (#4183)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/iota-identity/getting-started/wasm.mdx

---
sidebar_label: Wasm
description: Getting started with the IOTA Identity WASM Library.
image: /img/identity/icon.png
tags:
    - identity
    - wasm
    - setup
    - install
    - getting-started
---

# Getting Started with Wasm

## Minimum Requirements

-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) (>= `v20`)

## Install the Library

If your project does not contain it already, install the peer dependency `@iota/iota-sdk` as well.

```bash npm2yarn
npm install @iota/iota-sdk
```

You can install the latest alpha version of the library by running the following command:

```bash npm2yarn
npm install @iota/identity-wasm@alpha
```

## Build the Library

> Alternatively, you can build the bindings yourself, e.g. if you want to want to work currently unreleased features. You can find instructions for this in `identity.rs` repository [here](https://github.com/iotaledger/identity.rs/blob/v1.6.0-alpha/bindings/wasm/identity_wasm#build).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can build the bindings to work with currently unreleased features. You can find instructions for this in the [`identity.rs` repository](https://github.com/iotaledger/identity.rs/blob/v1.6.0-alpha/bindings/wasm/identity_wasm#build).
```

> ## NodeJS Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Node.js Usage
```

> The following code creates a new IOTA DID Document suitable for publishing to a locally running test network.  See the [instructions](./local-network-setup) on running your own test network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code creates a new IOTA DID Document suitable for publishing to a [locally running test network](./local-network-setup).
```

> The following code creates a new IOTA DID Document suitable for publishing to a locally running test network.  See the [instructions](./local-network-setup) on running your own test network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code creates a new IOTA DID Document suitable for publishing to a [locally running test network](./local-network-setup).
```

Reviewer 2: Applied the other suggestion, with the same content. ^^
